I am butter with cruzi guts here in
Marina del Rey here to show you our new
inventory which in this case is a
trade-in boom it's a wonderful and
extremely fast 430 one of the most
exciting boats to sail you could imagine
the name of this boat is wild thing it's
well known on the racing circuit
they placed fifth last year in the world
in San Francisco at the Rolex click boat
series one of the fastest are 30s
I I spoke to a sailor who races par 30s
and I said I heard that wild thing is
pretty fast boat his response was
if you want to go with the boat that's
ready to hook up ship back to Rhode
Island for the world's back there and be
competitive you can do it there's a
brand new quantum Maine and quantum jib
that was used only at the worlds and
total of I think about 14 bags of sails
most of them newer and very good
conditions and race-ready
also this boat was parked in a location
where a truck back into the mast and
broken the insurance company bought a
brand new carbon fiber mask southern
spars and they just delivered it so it's
brand spanking new the rod rigging
uppers are new and it's been rerigged
and ready to go so it's race ready and
let's let's go topside and have a little
better look up there
have another good look at this mast it's
beautiful brand-new perfect mast and we
have two B and G 330 displays
the cabin there and then we have three
20/20 displays mass mounted so you've
got all the instruments you need the
only other electronics needed on on this
boat is good stereo you know they say if
you crank that stereo up you can get
another half a night out of the boat I'm
not sure if that's true but it's worth a
try in the cabin we have the boom and
the carbon fiber spinnaker pole it's the
interior is fairly minimalist to keep
weight to a minimum but it's still a
place you can retreat store your sails
and and that sort of a thing there is a
couple of points on the underbody we
have the folding prop on the sail drive
the bottom pane and racing bottom pane
is a very smooth slippery finish to it
and and the the foils are perfect
there's just no work to be done to keep
this one of the fastest boats on the
planet also it's a wonderful trailer
it's very stable easy to trailer and
just a top-notch trailer and it's an
excellent condition so that once you buy
this boat you really don't have a lot
that you need to spend money on it's
it's ready to race
this weekend if you want
really not much left to do rig it and
get going bring your crew welcome to the
sale inventory for the far thirty wild
thing I think this is about fourteen
bags of sales including the new quantum
man and jib just about everything else
is north and with a wide range you just
have to check it all out this is a code
2.5 heavy we have a symmetric here and a
code 1.5 code zero and in front there
you've got a wide range of sales mostly
in excellent condition and ready to go
on the boat and make it go fast so we
look forward to working with you
that new mast was very expensive almost
as much as we're charging for the entire
boat the sale inventory sales mostly run
and I don't know 2500 to 5000 range so
you've got a good investment
and all the equipment and as well as the
condition of the boat and with the
pedigree of knowing that it really is a
vote that contends very well on a
national and international scale they
play stiffed in the world but they were
the only all amateur crew all the other
racing train teams from the various
countries included professionals so it's
a quick boat and look forward to seeing
somebody take the opportunity to keep it
racing and maintain it out there in the
fleet give us a call at my office or on
my cell phone eight one eight four zero
four four four seven nine and come on
down and have a look